oh this is devil 3 5 to 4 here and this
is the review of the devil optiplex GX
I'm gonna go out review on the outside
and then we're gonna go on the inside so
here we have the microphone jack
headphone jack two USB ports floppy
drive and a Oh audio out audio in
another microphone part we have a
Ethernet port um it is 10 by 100 another
two USB ports and another four USB port
so you got a total of 8 on that computer
we do have a printer port and the Viets
standard VGA port we're gonna go outside
and then we are going to boot the
computer right here we do have a Intel
Pentium are with the CPU of 2.8 d Hertz
to predict your processor at 800
megahertz 2 megabytes of cache and there
is 64-bit technology but no hyper
threading capabilities once again 2
gigabytes there is 2 slots available for
there let's go to the video video size
is 8 megabytes it's not much but it gets
most everything done the HDD acoustic
mode performance I always set mine to
that I like this computer
had no problems with it except for the
CD drive which was giving me problems if
you leave it on its normal position it
doesn't come out you have to put it on
its side for it the TV tried to come out
but I'll PI replace that alright here we
are at the welcome screen let's go start
right here we have Microsoft you know
Microsoft Windows XP Professional
version 2002 service pack 3 once again
it is an Intel Pentium Rd CPU to bring a
gigahertz processor with 2 gigs of RAM
and you there's a I'll leave a link for
the video this is the Zune suite black
theme for Windows XP thanks for watching
any questions comments below